New landing page design (#105)
TuringLang/turinglang.github.io: index.qmd

    <div class="card-title h5">
      Discourse
    </div>
    <p class="quarto-grid-item">
      Get support from and discuss with other users.
    </p>
  </a>
  <a class="pseudolisting" href="https://turinglang.org/docs/tutorials/docs-00-getting-started/">
    <div class="card-title h5">
      Documentation
    </div>
    <p class="quarto-grid-item">
      Familiarize yourself with the Turing.jl API.
    </p>
  </a>
  <a class="pseudolisting" href="https://turinglang.org/docs/tutorials/00-introduction/">
    <div class="card-title h5">
      Official tutorials
    </div>
    <p class="quarto-grid-item">
      Learn to tackle specific problems with Turing.jl.
    </p>
  </a>
  <a class="pseudolisting" href="resources/content/inofficial_tutorials.qmd">
    <div class="card-title h5">
      Inofficial tutorials
    </div>
    <p class="quarto-grid-item">
      A list of inofficial tutorials using Turing.jl.
    </p>
  </a>
  <a class="pseudolisting" href="resources/content/talks.qmd">
    <div class="card-title h5">
      Talks
    </div>
    <p class="quarto-grid-item">
      A list of talks on the Turing.jl ecosystem.

>     </p>

Reviewer: This is the sort of code I'm talking about – it's repetitive, and that's just the nature of raw HTML. In a framework like Astro you would be able to declare something like `<GridItem link="..." title="...">`.

Author: +1 for Astro! It would be a great choice if it possible to integrate the existing docs workflow.

While working on this PR, I was simultaneously working on another "docs-like" page that uses [Astro Starlight](https://starlight.astro.build/). I often felt bad repeating all these HTML chunks over and over and wished I could just wrap them in a component...

I don't think I'm a good web dev, but I think it's a fun creative outlet. If you ever go through with the move to Astro or another proper JS framework, I'd be happy to help in the effort.

Reviewer: I probably wasn't clear enough in my original comment, sorry. I think we can still build the docs repo with Quarto and this repo with Astro (or similar) It sounds like a good follow-up stretch goal 😄 I'll open an issue to track that.

Reviewer: https://github.com/TuringLang/turinglang.github.io/issues/110

Author: Ah, sorry, I think your explanation was clear! I phrased the "integrate the existing docs workflow" poorly. That should have read "integrate with the existing quarto docs workflow", oopsies.

  Some text about how easy it is to [get going](https://turinglang.org/docs/tutorials/00-introduction/).
</div>
<div class="example-code">
```julia
@model function coinflip(; N::Int)
    # Prior belief about the probability of heads
    p ~ Beta(1, 1)

    # Heads or tails of a coin are drawn from `N`
    # Bernoulli distributions with success rate `p`
    y ~ filldist(Bernoulli(p), N)

end;
```
</div>
</div>
<div class="d-flex flex-row-reverse flex-wrap panel-wrapper gap-3 pt-2 section-end-space">
<div class="example-text" style="padding:0.5rem;">
  <div class="fs-4 fw-bold pb-1">
  Goodbye, World in Turing
  </div>
  Some text about how easy it is to interface with external packages like AbstractGPs. Learn more about modelling [Gaussian Processes](https://turinglang.org/docs/tutorials/15-gaussian-processes/) with Turing.jl.
</div>
<div class="example-code">
```julia
@model function putting_model(d, n; jitter=1e-4)
    v ~ Gamma(2, 1)
    l ~ Gamma(4, 1)
    f = GP(v * with_lengthscale(SEKernel(), l))
    f_latent ~ f(d, jitter)
    binomials = Binomial.(n, logistic.(f_latent))
    y ~ product_distribution(binomials)
    return (fx=f(d, jitter), f_latent=f_latent, y=y)
end

> ```

Reviewer 2: If I'm being totally honest, I'd be inclined to remove this example, and just have the link to the GPs page. Having the code here, and not making it something which gets run every time that the docs are built, is just asking for it to become outdated at some point.

In terms of the text, I'd really just say something along the lines of `anything which behaves like a Distributions.jl distribution plays nicely with Turing.jl, e.g. [Gaussian processes](https://turinglang.org/docs/tutorials/15-gaussian-processes/)`

Author: That makes sense. We could just add the text as a new paragraph under "Hello, World in Turing" and use the space that the GP example took up for something else – maybe presenting the samplers? I recall that the old [turing.ml](turing.ml) website had something similar.

<img width="1407" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b6c29c62-8785-43a5-aa72-a792f9920f7f" />

    </svg>
  </div>
</div>
<span class="display-6 d-block text-center py-5 display-md-5 display-lg-4">
    Bayesian inference with probabilistic programming
</span>
<div class="d-flex flex-column align-items-center gap-0 pb-5">
  <div class="d-flex flex-row flex-wrap panel-wrapper gap-2">
    <a href="https://turinglang.org/docs/tutorials/docs-00-getting-started/" class="button--fill btn">
      Tutorials
    </a>
    <a href="https://julialang.slack.com/archives/CCYDC34A0" class="button btn">
      Slack
    </a>
    <a href="https://discourse.julialang.org/c/domain/probprog/48" class="button btn">
      Discourse
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/TuringLang" class="button btn">
      GitHub
    </a>
  </div>
</div>
```

```{=html}
<div class="d-flex flex-row flex-wrap panel-wrapper gap-4 section-end-space">
  <div class="panel">
    <div class="panel-title pb-1">

>       Intuitive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Expressive
```

I think this is a more precise word than intuitive, especially in the context of a programming language or DSL – the point is that it makes it easy for a user to put what's in their mind into code (i.e. express their ideas)

    </div>

>     Turing models are easy to write and communicate — syntax is close to mathematical notations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Turing models are easy to write and communicate — their syntax closely resembles mathematical notation. 
```

  </div>
  <div class="panel">
    <div class="panel-title pb-1">
      General-purpose
    </div>
    Turing supports models with discrete parameters and stochastic control flow. 
  </div>
  <div class="panel">
    <div class="panel-title pb-1">

>       Modular & composable
>     </div>
>     Turing is modular, written entirely in Julia, and is interoperable with the powerful Julia ecosystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Composable
    </div>
    Turing is written entirely in Julia, and is interoperable with its powerful ecosystem.
```

The word 'modular' isn't explained. The modular aspect of Turing is not meaningful for the average basic user anyway, so I think it's easier to leave it out rather than to try explaining it.

  </div>
</div>
```

<div class="d-flex flex-row flex-wrap panel-wrapper gap-3 pb-2">
<div class="example-text" style="text-align:right;padding:0.5rem;">
  <div class="fs-4 fw-bold pb-1">
  Hello, World in Turing
  </div>
  Some text about how easy it is to [get going](https://turinglang.org/docs/tutorials/00-introduction/).
</div>
<div class="example-code">
```julia
@model function coinflip(; N::Int)
    # Prior belief about the probability of heads
    p ~ Beta(1, 1)

    # Heads or tails of a coin are drawn from `N`
    # Bernoulli distributions with success rate `p`
    y ~ filldist(Bernoulli(p), N)

>     return y

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

When I got into Turing I personally found return values to be rather confusing. Basic sampling doesn't make use of the return value (you could `return nothing`, or just omit the return statement, and `sample(coinflip; 100) | (y=y,)` still works exactly the same way).

I would prefer to remove it because including it implies that it is needed for the example to work

end;
```
</div>
</div>
<div class="d-flex flex-row-reverse flex-wrap panel-wrapper gap-3 pt-2 section-end-space">
<div class="example-text" style="padding:0.5rem;">
  <div class="fs-4 fw-bold pb-1">
  Goodbye, World in Turing
  </div>
  Some text about how easy it is to interface with external packages like AbstractGPs. Learn more about modelling [Gaussian Processes](https://turinglang.org/docs/tutorials/15-gaussian-processes/) with Turing.jl.
</div>
<div class="example-code">
```julia
@model function putting_model(d, n; jitter=1e-4)
    v ~ Gamma(2, 1)
    l ~ Gamma(4, 1)
    f = GP(v * with_lengthscale(SEKernel(), l))
    f_latent ~ f(d, jitter)
    binomials = Binomial.(n, logistic.(f_latent))
    y ~ product_distribution(binomials)
    return (fx=f(d, jitter), f_latent=f_latent, y=y)
end
```
</div>
</div>

```{=html}
<h3 class="pb-3">
  News
</h3>
```
::: {#news}

:::

[See all news &rarr;](news/)

```{=html}
<h3 class="pb-3 section-start-space">
  Learn more
</h3>
<div class="list grid quarto-listing-cols-3">
  <a class="pseudolisting" href="/library">
    <div class="card-title h5">
      Ecosystem
    </div>
    <p class="quarto-grid-item">

>       Learn about all the packages that are part of The Turing Organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Learn about all the packages that are part of the TuringLang organization.
```

    </p>
  </a>
  <a class="pseudolisting" href="https://turinglang.org/docs/tutorials/docs-00-getting-started/">
    <div class="card-title h5">
      Documentation
    </div>
    <p class="quarto-grid-item">

>       Familiarize yourself with the Turing.jl API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Familiarize yourself with the mechanics of Turing.jl.
```

API docs aren't on the docs website, they're on the individual repos (e.g. https://turinglang.org/Turing.jl). (Though this does makes me think we should at least mention this on the docs website)

    </p>
  </a>
  <a class="pseudolisting" href="https://turinglang.org/docs/tutorials/00-introduction/">
    <div class="card-title h5">
      Official tutorials
    </div>
    <p class="quarto-grid-item">

>       Learn to tackle specific problems with Turing.jl.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Learn to tackle specific modelling problems with Turing.jl.
```

    </p>
  </a>
</div>
```

::: {.section-start-space}

### Algorithms

Placeholder text introducing this section on algorithms.

| Column 1 | Column 2 | Column 3 | Column 4 |
|----------|----------|----------|----------|
|  Entry A |  Entry D |  Entry G |  Entry J |
|  Entry B |  Entry E |  Entry H |  Entry K |
|  Entry C |  Entry F |  Entry I |  Entry L |

: Supported MCMC and other learning algorithms {.striped .borderless}

:::

::: {.section-start-space}

### Bayesian Workflow

Placeholder text introducing the Bayesian Workflow diagram from the ACM special issue submission.

```{=html}
<div style="text-align:center;">
<img src="https://i0.wp.com/www.honeybeesuite.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/09/Multiple-teeth-HBS.jpg?w=400&ssl=1" style="margin:0.5rem 0;border-radius:10pt">
<p>An example of the Beeysian workflow.</p>
</div>
```

:::

```{=html}
<div class="d-flex flex-row panel-wrapper gap-3 section-start-space">
<div class="flex-grow-1">
<h3>Talks</h3>
  <p>Placeholder for intro text on list of talks which are available online</p>
  <ul>
    <li>Talk 1
    <li>Talk 2
    <li>Talk 3
  </ul>
</div>
<div class="flex-grow-1">

>   <h3>Inofficial tutorials</h3>
>   <p>Placeholder for intro text on list of inofficial tutorials</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <h3>Other resources</h3>
  <p>This list contains a few other written resources for learning Turing. If you have written something and would like to share it with the community, please <a href="https://github.com/TuringLang/docs/issues/new">get in touch</a>!</p>
```

Reviewer: Not sure if the docs repo is the best place to raise an issue. I figured it would either be the docs repo or this repo, but this one is quite low-profile so it might not get noticed very soon.

  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://github.com/StatisticalRethinkingJulia/SR2TuringPluto.jl">Statistical Rethinking</a>

>     <li><a href="storopoli.github.io/Turing-Workshop/">Jose Storopoli's Turing workshop</a>
>     <li><a href="https://storopoli.io/Bayesian-Julia/">Jose Storopoli's blog on Turing and Bayesian Statistics</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <li><a href="https://storopoli.github.io/Turing-Workshop/">Jose Storopoli's Turing workshop (outdated in parts)</a>
    <li><a href="https://storopoli.github.io/Bayesian-Julia/">Jose Storopoli's blog on Turing and Bayesian Statistics</a>
```

The links don't work. Also, the workshop is indeed outdated in parts 😄
